Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I'm here. How are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good, how are you
Galaxy A10e: I'm good. I'm sorry, I forgot about group or or got about our session today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay, where it won't take us very long, we're just going to complete your bio psychosocial
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, so what that means is I'm going to ask you a bunch of questions and you can tell me kind of elaborate on each question if that's okay.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, that's fine. Let me come in. I'm gonna go ahead and plug my phone in real quick.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Galaxy A10e: I'm ready.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: First question on the bio sake is wanting to know what brings you to bright heart and why now.
Galaxy A10e: We're open. It's a boxing program.
Galaxy A10e: And I couldn't go to my appointment styling arcade and no more. So they sent me to break out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long have you been on this boxing program.
Galaxy A10e: Two years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so the next question is getting your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your history of drug use drug or alcohol and this so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At what age did you first start using a substance what substance was it and have it in progress, till you got sober two years ago.
Galaxy A10e: I started off Xanax and Percocet. When I was 12
Galaxy A10e: And then I started using heroin right afterwards.
Galaxy A10e: And then I started using a weed and cocaine and
Galaxy A10e: I didn't start until I was about 27
Galaxy A10e: That's about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so your primary drugs.
Galaxy A10e: Heroin
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what are you saying he just kept getting
Galaxy A10e: Worse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are in the cycle right
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
Galaxy A10e: Never gonna end
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now you have two years sober.
Galaxy A10e: So do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's huge.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: I didn't go over there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like a ninja two years is a long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and any pain issues.
Galaxy A10e: My back I broke my back last year year before last mile one vertebrae and never let it really heal.
Galaxy A10e: So I get a lot of pain in my lower back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So boxing help with that.
Galaxy A10e: Really doesn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Have you been seeing a primary third or primary care doctor for it.
Galaxy A10e: No.
Galaxy A10e: Please doctors are on here, just think I'm a drug seeking drugs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got yeah okay I love when they have that mentality. Right. It's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you could just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: live one day with my bath, then you would see that that's not what I'm doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So any past treatment.
Galaxy A10e: I've been the 17 rehabs in patient
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you complete them all.
Galaxy A10e: No completed almost all of them, but I do think we like maybe three
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, how long would you be able to stay sober after you completed one
Galaxy A10e: A couple days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, when was the last time you were in one
Galaxy A10e: Or 212 years ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 30 days.
Galaxy A10e: Two years ago yeah 30 days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. Um, any mental health treatment.
Galaxy A10e: I see psychiatry has three different psychiatrists and I was in
Galaxy A10e: The psych ward three different times.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For
Galaxy A10e: Think I thought about suicide, but I never tried it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was my next question in a past suicide thoughts or attempts
Galaxy A10e: Thoughts not attempts
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Any homicide thoughts or attempts
Galaxy A10e: Well, I mean, I guess we all have some sometimes but never acted on them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah it's sometimes when I said when I asked that question. People get like what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then other people are like, well, yeah, you know, it's normal. We think you know when we're upset we think about it sometimes, you know what I mean. And that's the truth of it is funny any past self harm.
Galaxy A10e: No. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And can you tell me a little bit about your family dynamics, growing up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whereas your parents did they stay married throughout your life. Did they divorce, if so, what age you have any siblings.
Galaxy A10e: So I have my mom and dad split up when I was maybe six five or six
Galaxy A10e: My mom has mental health issues. They're both drug addicts alcoholics. I got a brother and a sister.
Galaxy A10e: Which are both drug addicts and alcoholics.
Galaxy A10e: Um,
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: I went back and forth from Monday Dad's house every couple days and it was hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Well, there was abusive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was gonna be my next question. Any childhood abuse.
Galaxy A10e: You have my dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: physical, mental,
Galaxy A10e: Or physical, mental and emotional
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any history with any sexual abuse.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, going back to, so a little bit further. Tell me a little bit. How about how it was for you in school.
Galaxy A10e: Did you graduate, disability, or maybe TV grade quit. Well, I finished my 11th year I made it halfway through my 12th grade year and quit.
Galaxy A10e: As an emotional support all my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was it, we believe when you're a kid.
No good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, okay. So that was a really good description of your school age stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right off the bat you at you answered all the questions without me even asking him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any military background.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any past or present legal issues.
Galaxy A10e: Past nothing president
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not in the past two years. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, no, no.
Galaxy A10e: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just over now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Galaxy A10e: Right, I work
As
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That there isn't that the crazy trade.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Whatever the other than
Galaxy A10e: committing crimes, no more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's right. Can you tell me a little bit about your legal history.
Galaxy A10e: BEEN ARRESTED FOR forgery selling drugs.
Galaxy A10e: Drugs.
Galaxy A10e: Um,
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, that's about it. Wrap it up there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any uh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huh.
Galaxy A10e: Did a lot of time for all this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is gonna be. I was gonna ask you, how long did you spend behind bars.
Galaxy A10e: Well, about
Galaxy A10e: 11 and a half years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's the next one, any financial stressors.
Galaxy A10e: And I mean yeah coronavirus brings on a lot, you know,
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, my
Galaxy A10e: Shit.
Galaxy A10e: Slow rough right now, but it'll get better at starting to
Galaxy A10e: Yes, it will. Time.
Galaxy A10e: Can't give up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right. Hey, I love your attitude. That's an awesome attitude. Yeah, I don't give up no matter what. Um, okay, so what Dr. D work with
Galaxy A10e: Through Braveheart
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Dr. PACHTER
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Love him. Um, and what group of you and
Galaxy A10e: Monday nights at seven o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With Dr. PACHTER
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, Elena
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah, love her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so tell me some of the things that you would like to get out of your time with bright heart there anything that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Would like to brush up on need to work on anything that you would like to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work on while you're with us.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I'm
Galaxy A10e: I don't know. Not right this minute. I don't think I just got my
Galaxy A10e: Medication back. Well, my depression.
Galaxy A10e: At some point time I Wendy family counseling family therapy.
Galaxy A10e: So, but that's about it. I just a queen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With you and your partner.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, can you tell me some of the issues.
Galaxy A10e: Um,
Galaxy A10e: I don't know. I guess I just have trust issues and
Galaxy A10e: I was in bad relationships in the past and I just feel like he's going to continue to happen. You know, I, I just get scared about shit and it causes a bunch of arguments and some distrust trust and
Galaxy A10e: I don't know. We talked about it and
Galaxy A10e: We both think it might be a good idea. I don't, we don't want to give up on our relationship. We just don't want to keep going the way it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, understandable and and maybe that's something that you can bring up to Helena.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know who is there anybody through bright heart that you can engage and family therapy with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You and your partner, she would definitely be the one to ask because she knows everybody
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Group or Monday. They were taught somebody was saying about how they were in family.
Galaxy A10e: Family Therapy or whatever, whatnot and
Galaxy A10e: That's where I got it, bro.
Oh, perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, it never hurts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. It can only can only help, that's for sure. Yeah, um, any kids. So you're in a relationship, are you married or domestic partnership gay
Galaxy A10e: Just for this girlfriend, boyfriend. Well, we're engaged right now but
Galaxy A10e: We gotta get married to get divorced from our other partners that we were with that we've been split up with. So before we can get married, but, uh, I have
Galaxy A10e: four daughters, three of them got taken in foster care or they were adopted.
Galaxy A10e: And she has three children as well. Um,
Galaxy A10e: So I got my one daughter is that her mom back in Pennsylvania and the other three were adopted.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and her children live in the home with you guys.
Galaxy A10e: One does the other two are adults.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay. All right, perfect. See you just asked you just answered a question that I completely forgot about asking. So thank you. Ha ha.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think I think we've covered everything on the bio site. I mean, it's pretty painless. Oh.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: pretty painless. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just about getting your history.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's not 50,000 questions, it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, just basically getting a picture of your history so that you know everybody that works with you can take a look at where you come from, and take a look at the best way to help you. Right.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's really what this is about, you know, a bio psychosocial has to be completed on every person that comes through any kind of treatment so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I appreciate you showing up and suiting up and completing it with me very much.
Galaxy A10e: No problem, sorry I was late.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's all right. We handle lateness sorry
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not a big deal. It's good. Okay. Robert, you have a great night and I will talk to you later. And thank you very much.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. I'll talk to you later.
Galaxy A10e: Have a good night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you too. Bye.